README.md, before:

# ownCloud client docker image for ownCloud synchronization

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/zigarn/docker-owncloud-client.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/zigarn/docker-owncloud-client)

[![Image Metadata](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/zigarn/owncloud-client.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/zigarn/owncloud-client)
[![version](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/version/zigarn/owncloud-client.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/zigarn/owncloud-client)
[![commit](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/commit/zigarn/owncloud-client.svg)](http://microbadger.com/images/zigarn/owncloud-client)

## Configuration

Create a configuration folder with 2 files :

  - `.netrc`: [netrc](http://linux.die.net/man/5/netrc) configuration file for authentication on ownCloud server. E.g `default login mylogin password mypassword`
  - `sync-exclude.lst`: list of files or folder to exclude in the format generated by the [Ignored Files Editor](https://doc.owncloud.org/desktop/2.2/navigating.html#using-the-ignored-files-editor)

## Use

Launch the docker image with:

 - Volumes:
   - `/data`: folder of synced data
   - `/log`: folder for sync logs
   - `/conf`: folder containing configuration files
 - Env:
   - `LANG`: the `LANG` for encoding in file names. Defaults to 'C.UTF-8'
   - `SERVER`: the ownCloud server URL
   - `PERIODICITY`: sync periodicity in [crontab](http://linux.die.net/man/5/crontab) format (but DO NOT USE @xxx formats). Defaults to `0 * * * *` (hourly)

E.g:

```shell
docker run --detach \
  --volume ~/owncloud-sync:/data \
  --volume /var/log:/log \
  --volume /etc/owncloud-sync/:/conf \
  --env LANG=fr_FR.ISO-8859-15 \
  --env SERVER=http://owncloud.server.com/ \
  --env PERIODICITY='*/15 * * * *' \
  zigarn/owncloud-client
```

Commit message:

Upgrade to Nextcloud-client 2.6
- Migrate from ownCloud to Nextcloud
- Add WebDAV path configuration

README.md, after:

# Nextcloud client docker image for nextcloud synchronization

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/zigarn/docker-nextcloud-client.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/zigarn/docker-nextcloud-client)

[![Image Metadata](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/zigarn/nextcloud-client.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/zigarn/nextcloud-client)
[![version](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/version/zigarn/nextcloud-client.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/zigarn/nextcloud-client)
[![commit](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/commit/zigarn/nextcloud-client.svg)](http://microbadger.com/images/zigarn/nextcloud-client)

## Configuration

Create a configuration folder with 2 files :

  - `.netrc`: [netrc](http://linux.die.net/man/5/netrc) configuration file for authentication on nextcloud server. E.g `default login mylogin password mypassword`
  - `sync-exclude.lst`: list of files or folder to exclude in the format generated by the [Ignored Files Editor](https://docs.nextcloud.com/desktop/2.6/navigating.html#using-the-ignored-files-editor)

## Use

Launch the docker image with:

 - Volumes:
   - `/data`: folder of synced data
   - `/log`: folder for sync logs
   - `/conf`: folder containing configuration files
 - Env:
   - `LANG`: the `LANG` for encoding in file names. Defaults to 'C.UTF-8'
   - `SERVER`: the Nextcloud server URL
   - `DAVPATH`: the WebDAV path on the server. Defaults to '/remote.php/dav' (may have to change for '/remote.php/webdav')
   - `PERIODICITY`: sync periodicity in [crontab](http://linux.die.net/man/5/crontab) format (but DO NOT USE @xxx formats). Defaults to `0 * * * *` (hourly)

E.g:

```shell
docker run --detach \
  --volume ~/nextcloud-sync:/data \
  --volume /var/log:/log \
  --volume /etc/nextcloud-sync/:/conf \
  --env LANG=fr_FR.ISO-8859-15 \
  --env SERVER=http://nextcloud.server.com/ \
  --env PERIODICITY='*/15 * * * *' \
  zigarn/nextcloud-client
```
